Oh, that's fine.
On bells, he probably did.
No, no, but you certainly couldn't call us back on a stirrup.
Okay, that's a good little story, because I think it does illustrate that book collection can be insignificant, you know?
Okay, as we speak, I'm trying to get in touch with John Larket's press agent out there.
I understand he's quite a major player in everything today.
Is that right?
And Jay Leno's, Jay Leno's wife, as I understand.
Does that sound right?
Yeah.
He collects books, too?
I thought he's got a few other things about books.
He's kidding me.
Now, do I have to go through a press agent to get in touch with him, do you think?
So you might say that he and his wife selected a couple, is that?
Really?
Well, I should write to him directly here.
Why do you check like this?
Well, there was a piece in USA Today a while back, and it did indicate that he is interested in cars by his wife.
My book is kind of our obsession, too.
Biblio mania, you know.
It's going to be good, trust me.
Are you familiar with the garden sale here?
Remember Haven O'Moore?
That was a big... Oh, yeah.
Well, that's going to be a great chapter, right?
That's a great story.
I've been to Texas and I do a chapter on the University of Texas.
Harry Ransom, Luke Feldman, and that all.
And that's going to be great.
Of course, that is wonderful.
Did you find that out there?
I saw that in Britain.
You know, they had the British Railway Pension Fund.
They sold a guy there, I guess, three odd million dollars just several months ago.
And their investment in that was like $165,000 ten years ago.
That's a pretty good return on investment, isn't it?
Wow.
Really.
Well, you need good advice on what to buy.
You can buy a lot of shit, too, if you'll excuse my Greek.
Have you been to any of these sales, or have you brothers come to these?
I've been to all the Bradley Martins.
Mr. Heck, Priscilla, Priscilla G. Bellis gave me a number three.
I had lunch with Barnard last week.
Well, it's—I'm really into American fiction in the 20th century, but I love 19th century illustrated books.
And now I'm really—since I've started this book, I have particularly on catalogs, just to support my research.
But I put together a very nice collection of books.
I have a chapter that's going to start with maybe the whole sale of 1911.
That's going to be my golden age chapter.
That will conclude with the current sale of 1929.
But when you have that whole sale, you bring in Henry Huntington, you bring in the Lord, and you bring in Rosenberg.
And I'm getting a lot of contemporary stuff and the letters that I've been talking to before and getting to the back of the criminal home theater.
So Jovenius McCacken, because I need women, you know, this is why I need Jay Leno, is why I need you too.
After Rickard, do you have some idea how I can get in touch with Jay Leno?
Okay, but where would I write it?
Is it in the studio?
Well, either way, now he's kind of a neighbor of mine.
He's from North Andover, Mass.
I grew up in Lowell, which is about six miles away.
Uh, maybe I could run a few of those names by.
Security.
Well, I mean, I've heard that David Lloyd is a big, pretty big color collector.
He's a major collector, and Bronson Pinchard is a pretty... Yeah, well, you mean Actors Collective?
No kidding.
Are they good collections?
Who might that be?
We got to have lunch maybe, huh?
Well, not even use his name to see if he wants to talk to me.
which would be wonderful.
And the point is, I have to convince people that I'm doing it.
All I have to do is I have to drop the names of the people I've got.
I don't know, I understand it.
It's just my mother and the free puts put by asking me.
I don't expect you to tell me.
Okay, so are you guys going to be around?
It's just a question of nailing down.
I beg your pardon?
Why is that?
I'd like to talk to you, and I'd also like to talk to Lou.
Isn't Lou also a past president of the VAA?
Okay, so he should be, I should talk to him.
I really want to get a very strong California-looking vacation here.
See, now I've got to talk to him.
Do you think he's going to be around at the end of the month, early, at the end of July or early August?
Okay, and so if there are no major fears, he will be lying.
Yeah.
So this is the screenwriter who lives in New England, right?
I'd better take a little bit of digging so I can find out who it is.
Okay.
Is he a nice guy?
Okay, you've got my name.
Do you want me to send you, what's your address?
I will send you some stuff.
8-4-5-0.
That's a California address.
8-5-4-0.
Melrose.
9-
Okay.
I'll say a few things that I've done.
Believe me, it's going to be a good book.
It's going to be the book for the 90s on the subject.
People are very happy to be part of it.
By the way, it's not a collection of little biographies.
These are going to be chapters with stories, and there's a focus on the truth.
We're telling stories.
We're telling very interesting stories.
I don't know how to do it, but it did well.
The thing about this is that I've already sold the paper to Activision.
I was also on the strength of a proposal, and I explained what I was doing.
So they definitely do see the commercial and the popular appeal.
But I did have to sell them on.
People don't think the collection is popular.
They're ridiculous.
I think people would be surprised.
I was talking to Jack Myles of the L.A.
Times Book Group.
I write to the book collection.
He said, would you send them to me?
He said, we got a fair and thousands of people showed up.
He was surprised.
I said, the L.A.
Fair is one of the most successful in the world.
and quality.
Okay, sir.
I appreciate the time.
And so I'll drop you a note and then I'll call you, like, how much time in advance do you think we need to set?
Okay, well, I'm going to just try to set up my line-up here of interviews, and I will be wanting to get to San Francisco at the end, probably coming in from Chicago.
It's a great thing.
No, I'm in Massachusetts.
Yeah, I know where you called him, Massachusetts.
Well, I've been going to New York, it seems like.
Who is that?
Okay, so now I know who your brother is.
He's the other fellow that was with Jim and the other fellow from England.
They're kind of three of them who work together.
Well, Jim, please, when you talk to Jim, ask him about me.
Jim knows me, and I've already interviewed Dick Manny for this, because he doesn't care what's going on.
Dick's coming out of it, and he's been talking for the first time about his collection to me.
I talked to Bill Scheide, the first private owner of his collection, arguably the finest in the world.
Are my brethren pretty good names here?
Well, I really need a representation.
I really covered the East.
I'm going through Chicago, Orlando, and I'm going to see Blacksville, St.
Louisville.
And if you think of somebody who didn't last like the stock here for instance, like what state?
Okay, no problem.
Just curious because I will be going around.
Thank you, sir.
We'll be in touch.
Bye.
Hey, George Shills.
Get good guys, let him do it.
Guys check back with him.
That's the style he wants and is successful at it.
Does the buck stop with you?
He accepts the responsibility.
Sure.
I mean, Quig actually said,
buck stopped with me in this, well, uh, meaning that Pointhexter never told him.
Pointhexter should have told him.
Uh, it's a hell of a guy, and this is why I, I, uh, am, uh, down on John Pointhexter right now.
I like John as a man, I think he's a wonderful guy, a brilliant guy, first in class at Annapolis, Ph.D.
in atomic physics, uh, a brilliant man, but let the president down by not confessing to an error.
I like that scene when he's eating his ham and eggs.
That's John.
He's unflappable.
You never see a smile like you're smiling.
Relax that way.
That's not John.
John's very persistent.
He sits this way, the glasses on.
That's John.
Have you ever, I'm going to go off the track a little bit.
Go ahead.
Cambridge kid, drivers are caught.
You grew up in a town where there's importance of being caught.
You went one way, and a guy who you don't seem to have that much respect for, Tip O'Neill went in an entirely different way.
Two kids, Irish background, same town, one becomes a symbol of the Republican ethic or whatever, and the other guy goes, if anything can explain that.
I mean, you voted for Wendell Wilkie.
Well, as I keep needling Tip, you'll hear me say this over and over again.
It's interesting.
I just used with Tip, we were on a forum down in Florida the other day,
And I told the audience, I said, this is what I've told Tip ever since I ran into McGinnon when we were both in Washington.
Tip, the trouble with you is you went to Boston College and turned left.
I went to Harvard and turned right.
I mean, it was possible.
No, I'm an entrepreneur.
Remember, I tell the story in the book.
Before I was 21 years old, I had my own business and had eight guys working for me as guides, tourist guides in and around Harvard.
But that might be it.
Do you think it's a Harvard B.C.
thing?
No, I think it's more, my nature is being entrepreneurial, and Tip has been a politician all his life.
He's a politician in Cambridge Latin, getting elected to various offices and classes there, working for politicians through his father.
He tells that in his book.
What do you think of his book, by the way?
Ghostbusters.
Not his book.
It's too anecdotal.
doesn't go into the issues uh it's immensely entertaining yeah entertaining but i mean it's uh it's he seldom gets into the the issues i'm more issue oriented than tip is but he's the he's the supreme politician he's rounded he's smooth in that uh you know he uses sam raven's technique go along to get along i'm not that type i need it head on
I have to give him credit, though.
I interviewed him in our cobalt.
And he said, I mean, you can certainly say it's a local thing, but he really kicked Tukakis.
But I nailed him on this.
I said to him, Tim, who's responsible?
I said, didn't Massachusetts benefit from an awful lot of defense work, like GE and Lynn?
Just the swornin' GEs.
Right, and all of that.
He said, yeah, I said, who got those contracts, Tukakis?
Or was that Kennedy and O'Neill?
And he said, well, the Speaker does have some prerogatives.
I said, yeah, especially after he knocks the hell out of the defense budget that Reagan sends over and then gets his share for Massachusetts.
I'm going to go back, but anyway, back to the record.
I would say it's just a difference in nature.
And most people would think going to Harvard would have turned one left in that day.
Remember, those were all of...
The time I went there, these were... There weren't any Irish kids at Harvard.
Those were Roosevelt's advices at Harvard that were teaching me.
Interesting.
Good point.
I'm going to go back and ask you again.
But it's that entrepreneurial flavor, I think.
Okay, if it still hurts, I miss that.
If it still hurts, I say no.
Now it's more in sorrow than anger.
Of course I would have liked to have had
the ending smoother.
I would have liked the idea of not going out with banners and flags and bands, but at least the traditional picture, firm handshake, nice letter, and away you go.
You didn't even like the letter.
You said you saw thousands of these and somebody else had written it.
From my point of view, I think that a little warmer stuff maybe regards to my wife, something like that would have been a little more appropriate.
Does he, I get the sense that he really doesn't, well, you even say it straight out.
He says to Bush, why doesn't he have the courage?
The man is soft-hearted.
He cannot face a person and say to that person, be it male or female, I'm sorry.
The thing isn't working out.
We're going the wrong way here.
We've got to break this off.
What would you like to do?
in my life.
Most other people do.
I don't think anybody likes to fire people, and you like to get it over as quickly as possible.
Well, that's his decision.
I don't know enough about this.
He's had a couple of bad experiences, but go back to Ray Donovan.
He kept Donovan on until Donovan was indicted.
Then Donovan did the right thing.
Being indicted, he resigned.
talked to the president about it and said, you know, when I clear my skirts, I'll be back.
Well, it took Donovan three years to get cleared.
Remember his plaintive words, and now where do I go for my reputation?
But he was cleared.
I dare say that he's guiding on that with Mies.
Mies has not ever been charged with a crime, let alone been invited.
It's perception.
And the president's apparently willing to put up with that because he saw in the perceptions of me
that the press was wrong.
I had nothing to do with the Iran-Contra affair, but yet Newsweek magazine had my picture on the cover with who knew, and then later his picture with cover-up, and there was the fact that the chief of staff ordered a cover-up.
Blatantly false doubt, as proven by Senate committee's Lawrence Walter.
So you do feel vindicated?
Oh, sure.
Definitely.
Well, remember, I had a love feast with Congress, by the way, for a guy who couldn't get along with Congress.
They say that in the book, yeah, that's cute.
I mean, that, sure, I've been vindicated, but I think the president, again, doesn't want to, just for appearances, throw somebody over.
And I think that's his problem at this point.
Well, it's... I think Nietzsche is waiting for the McKay Report.
How do you feel that, now we have your book, I mean, the Democrats must be loving this.
I mean, they don't have to say a word.
They can't Larry Speaks in...
I was a public affairs officer in the Navy.
I used to write things for my admirals and my captains.
But I always ran it by them.
You just added the right clause.
You have to run it by them.
There isn't a public relations person in the world who doesn't put words in the mouth of the principal or correct what the principal has said.
Check back.
That was Speaks' thing.
And even if Speaks had done it,
without reference to the president because of time or whatever.
He should have gone up to the president and said, look, I put some words in your mouth.
If you want to retract, you know, I'll go out there and pull it.
But he didn't do it.
That was his mistake.
And you know his other mistake?
In saying it.
That's unforgivable.
I spent three years as one of these guys, and I mean, your job is you really do subordinate yourself to the man, and that extends
You know, after the term was... Well, come back to the... But let's talk about how it's going to affect the... Come back to the Democrats.
The Republican chances.
From the point... My book, I can only speak for that.
I don't know about Larry's book or Marty Anderson's book or any of these other books.
My book, I think, that if a person reads it, they'll come back with a better appreciation of the Reagan-Bush record.
And if Bush runs on Reagan's record, I think I've laid it out there.
Look at what tax reform really has done.
Yeah, look at the polls.
They've actually gone down 20 points in the last week.
Can you attribute any of this to that, do you think?
No.
I attribute this.
Now, who's been on the front page?
Get away from Boston Globe.
Take New York Times or Chicago Tribune or something of that nature, because they covered the caucus extremely well even after them.
Local boy makes good.
From the point of view of the press,
Tukakis, because of Jackson, has been on the front page.
They're still head-to-head.
Bush has won it.
He won it six or eight weeks ago.
He peaked too early.
There's no contest.
No contest, no coverage.
There really isn't a contest on the Democratic race, you know, either.
Well, but they have to because of the ethnic thing.
And Jackson charging, hey, look, I'm not out of this race and you're not running me.
How come you're favoring the white boy?
Come on.
Do you think the press has been easy on Jensen?
Yes.
Haven't challenged Jensen?
Haven't challenged him as much as they challenged Gary Hart.
I'm going to go back.
I missed the first two words in the book, Nancy Reagan.
You said that was a stylistic thing, more than the first two words in the book, Nancy Reagan.
And you said that was stylistic more than... Stylistic more than...
how I put it, Vendetta, or something of that nature.
But he must feel a lot better though.
No.
Except, no in answer to the unsaid thought, perhaps, that I did this for Spite.
No, I did not do it for Spite.
But the LA Times has written on straws.
Did you see the LA Times review?
No, I heard about it.
I just read it.
Robert Shearer.
Robert Shearer?
I don't know.
He works for the time.
I don't know who he is, but I just read it.
Well, in fact, each reviewer is... Scurrilous memoir, mean-spirited, pompous nonsense.
Actually, it's a straight-out, in fact it says, in defense of Nancy Reagan.
Well, I mean, he's a fan of Nancy Reagan, quite obviously.
And in her hometown paper, that coming out, make her feel a lot better.
From my point of view, I'm going to let the book speak for itself.
I'll balance that with a Washington book review.
There's a Washington writer, Jonathan Yardley.
Well, thank you.
Yardley says the same thing, and he's one of both surprises as a critic.
And his last two words, I'll stand on those.
His last sentence goes along this way, and I remember the last two words.
He said,
Regan has done something rare in Washington.
He has written an honest book.
I like it.
I read it straight through.
I didn't skip it, you know.
I have to read all my books a week, you know.
The book is the man.
I've been traveling when I could do it.
It's the man.
I need to speak this book.
It's a different time I can work.
None of those books have anything.
You can tell it can't work.
I thought that those notes,
And I like the fact that you could have done anything on the attempted assassination.
There's a sense of immediacy there.
I take copious notes, and I have in mind to write a book, my story, and there it is.
I left my glasses downstairs.
That's a hell of a thing.
I have a pair of glasses.
And we did say that one of the other questions, I didn't have my paper part of it right, but this is really one of my mystery questions.
The reason for this book was to tell the Don Regan story.
And let me just interject, it's not a case of, use Joe Kennedy's old words, good Irishman, don't get man yet even.
No.
Don Regan's story, but either tell the whole story or tell no story.
And isn't it, it may be scurrilous in the eyes of that reviewer, but
Isn't it funny that I'm getting taken to task for writing an honest book?
And isn't it amazing that had I leaked this story to somebody, and a reporter talked about that, it would have been all right for me to leak something and give it to somebody else.
But for me to come straight forward out and put my own name on it, not hide behind the well-known Washington leak,
I'm a top dog.
Well, like Dukakis got bagged for that fighting thing, which was a perfectly legitimate shot.
I don't know why that poor Cecil had to quit.
It's not like they fabricated, remember the guy, it was true.
It was absolutely true.
And I think it was a Republican who said, you know, when the day comes, when you try to criticize a man's record on the facts, then you'll notice that I don't use adjectives to describe people.
I use their own words.
Oh, interruption.
Why do you not use quotation marks around the president's quotes and quotation marks?
Well, I guess it's old fashioned, but I just couldn't bring myself to really quote the man directly unless I'd had a tape recorder every single word.
But everybody else is going to quote it.
I know, and most of that other stuff I have heard and I took notes of it, but call it quaint, call it novel,
I just couldn't bring myself up.
You also said this is the only person you have ever willingly subordinated yourself.
True.
Yeah, read your book.
Very true.
I'm very pleased and impressed.
Do you blame the media for your troubles?
No.
You've had your run-ins with them.
I've had my run-ins.
What I'm trying to do in the book, obviously, is to correct some of the impressions that were left out there.
As a matter of fact, I went over and saw the people at Newsweek last week.
And I had a chat with some of those reporters, and they admit now, and I'll go, this is off the record.
Okay, well, just shut it off if you'd like.
Let me go off, put it off while you go off the record.
I'll let you have the tape of this, but I mean, it is off the record.
They told me that they were believing what McFarlane and North and so on were putting out at that time.
And they were dumping on me, it's a classic disinformation campaign, in order to shift the blame and the spotlight away from them.
And Newsweek was violent.
And they were conned on it.
And they were nice.
It's not nice, no.
That's what I told them.
You know what they did, though?
But after the damage was done, I mean... In the Washington... It's like charging a guy with, you know, child molestation on the front page and then putting an egg inside that he was... Well, the thing is, they have a blow-up of their covers in the hall of the Washington Bureau.
And they actually presented that to me as a token of Mayor Cooper.
Fast questions.
Should Mies resign?
I can't say because I don't know enough about the other side.
How would you advise the president to do that?
At this point, I would be having chats with Mies about doing the right thing, so to speak.
Are North and Poindexter national heroes to use the president's name?
I think North is a hero.
Any guy that has a silver star,
two purple hearts in all those campaign ribbons.
He's a hero.
I don't believe that if they are guilty of having diverted funds from the Congress, and this hasn't been proven yet in the court of law, but if they are guilty of that, that's not a heroic act.
I just want to make sure my tape is still going.
Should the president pardon these?
I think it's too early in the process.
Even the independent counsel is under attack.
The whole idea of it, the Supreme Court rules on that probably in July, I mean in June.
This case has to go.
There are going to be many challenges to the whole procedure.
Much too early in the procedure to, at this point, pardon these guys, because I think the American people might feel cheated of something.
So, yeah, but the president will be out of office in seven months regardless.
Well, I think that then the next president has to think through.
Well, if it's New Clatters, I doubt if you're going to get a pardon.
Well, I'm not sure, because he's going to have to take a very close look at what they did and why they did it.
I'd be really surprised.
Well, if they're found guilty, assuming they're found guilty, campaign close?
It's going to be a trade race?
Very, very close.
With Bush as the challenger now, Dukakis as the front runner, a lot will depend now on who they select as vice president.
There was a time when the vice president presidential candidate didn't mean that much.
But a swing of five percentage points one way or the other will take this election.
A vice president could bring five percentage points to the candidate.
Or take it away.
I'm just firing it up.
Was Iran contra a threat to constitutional government?
You don't really address that in the book.
Yes.
If...
If allowed to continue, where people in the executive branch deliberately set off to fort the will of Congress, but the Bolan Amendment still is misunderstood and not known.
There have been five versions of that Bolan Amendment, so whether or not any of five versions were a matter of law and violated still remains to be proven.
Okay, it's five after.
Okay.
Thank you.
Can you sign my books?
Sure.
You say that the proceeds of this are going to charity?
All the proceeds of this, my part of the proceeds of this book are going to charity.
I can't give away my agent's money, but my royalties are going to charity.
Be in the medical and educational fields.
But that's important, because the royalties will be writing conservative.
Well, the other hand, I didn't want people to say I did this cashing in.
Cashing in, the hell of it.